Now let's get up to speed
with Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's!
I have something the little
girl might be looking for.
(gasping)
That's Ancient Fairy Dragon!
Let us meet tomorrow at
the four stars of destiny.
The end will be decided there.
♪
Kuribon, what's wrong?
Oooh!
Something bad's happening
in the Spirit World, isn't it?
Be right there.
Ancient Fairy Dragon was
sealed in the rock mountain
as part of Zeman
the Ape King's curse.
All we have to do
is invade his castle,
defeat him in an epic battle,
and break the power
of his minus spell.
I've been waiting
for you, Signer.
♪
Who are you?
You're not a Signer--
what are you doing here?
I'm here to duel you!
Ancient Fairy Dragon,
I bind thee to thy rock!
How do we save
her now, Regulus?
You'll have to
give me your staff.
-But why?
-If I get close enough to Zeman,
he'll have to use
his staff to stop me.
When the two strike each other,
their powers will cancel out
and lift the curse
from everyone.
(yelling)
Ancient Fairy Dragon!
I release you from your prison!
The dark curse is broken!
By the power of
the Dark Signers,
I summon Earthbound
Immortal Cusillu!
Perhaps next time,
you'll think twice
about taking your sister's
place in a shadow duel.
Earthbound Immortal, attack!
(grunting)
If you're out there, Luna,
I could use some
sisterly advice.
Leo?
He needs my help!
♪
Luna?
Leo!
Now it's time
for me to help you!
I'm gonna take over
your duel, okay?
I'm glad you finally
joined us, Luna.
My Earthbound Immortal
has been waiting patiently.
Let's duel, Signer!
It's time to take back
my Ancient Fairy Dragon.
But she's in my Graveyard!
And that's just what
I was hoping for.
And now, by playing
Respect Synchron,
she can join my team!
This cannot be!
Devack, this is
the end of the line
for you and your monkey!
Ancient Fairy Dragon,
chase those shadows away!
(groaning)
♪
♪ Going fast makes
me feel alive ♪
♪ My heart beats
in hyper drive ♪
♪ Do you think you can win? ♪
♪ Only if I lose ♪
♪ Just let destiny choose ♪
♪ I can hear you breathin' ♪
♪ I can see you comin' ♪
♪ I can feel the wind ♪
♪ It's blowing me around ♪
♪ Take a shot at me
runnin' side by side ♪
♪ It's a blur
as I go by ♪
♪ I can hear you breathin' ♪
♪ I can see you comin' ♪
♪ I can feel the wind ♪
♪ It's blowing me around ♪
♪ See the sun arising ♪
♪ Fire in the sky ♪
♪ Greatness thrusts
itself into our lives ♪
♪
(yelling)
You did it, Luna!
No, Leo, we did it!
Now the spirits
will be safe from--
You!
♪
You think you've won?
This isn't over.
I won't fall alone.
You're coming with me.
We gotta get down there now!
You will not stop the shadows
from devouring this world.
For I will destroy you,
I will drag you down
into the Netherworld!
♪
(gasping)
Spirits, you're safe!
♪
She did it!
The human child has
saved the Spirit World!
Now she must begin the task
of saving her own world.
This is a total
happy ending moment!
Except this isn't the ending.
Are you feeling okay, Luna?
Mm-hmm.
-Leo.
-Hmm?
You were really great.
(whining)
Cry baby.
-Luna.
-Ancient Fairy Dragon!
Regulus!
Where did those
things come from?
Is there a laser
light show going on?
No, Officer Trudge.
We are not illusions.
We are real.
Wow!
Did that thing just
talk back to me?
(gasping)
Grown-ups are so weird.
Luna, I thought you should know,
by defeating that Dark Signer,
you have saved us all.
The spirits captured by
the Earthbound Immortal
are free now, and
they have returned home
to the Spirit World.
And has everything
stopped going in reverse?
Yes, all thanks to you.
Actually, it isn't
all thanks to me.
I couldn't have done it
without my brother Leo's help.
He set up Devack so I
could finish him off.
And Yusei stuck by Leo's
side the whole time.
Then I offer my thanks
to Leo and Yusei.
Our fight with the
Dark Signers isn't over.
Will you help us?
The Dark Signers
are like a disease.
If they are not
vanquished completely,
their power will grow back,
and the Spirit World will
once again be in danger.
We must finish this.
I will fight alongside you,
even if it destroys me.
I, too, will fight alongside you
until the bitter end.
♪
We did it, Yusei!
I finally have the card
Mina said we'd need!
(sighing)
♪
So, is this one of those
towers Mina was talking about?
That, like, control the
energy reactor thing?
Yup, this is it.
Luna, do you have
the card ready?
Mm-hmm.
This is the part where
we hope this works.
Here goes everything, I guess.
♪
I have a feeling we
might wanna run right now.
(yelling)
♪
Where's it going?
Calm down, everyone, I'm awake.
I'm okay.
Where'd the tower go?
There was a tower here, right?
Uh, I didn't see any tower.
I need some sleep.
I keep seeing things
that aren't there!
Towers, dragons, flying lions!
(laughing)
And now it's time we got going.
There's three towers left,
and the next one's mine.
Time to settle things up
with my old friend Kalin.
♪
One of our Dark Signers
has been extinguished.
Devack has failed us.
However, where one
falls, another may rise.
Time to pay our
prisoner a little visit.
♪
Stand up.
Your time has come, Greiger.
The moment you tried to take out
Goodwin during the Fortune Cup,
I knew I liked you.
I couldn't let them send
someone with your potential away
to some maximum
security facility.
So I had you freed
and brought here
so that you may
come face to face
with your true destiny.
♪
What is all this?
We stand above the
gateway to the Netherworld.
The doorway to the shadows.
And why have you
brought me here?
To help you, Greiger.
I brought you here
to give you power
like you've never
known in your life.
You're going to
become a Dark Signer.
Just what is that?
Tell me something, Greiger.
Now that you have had
some time to sit on it,
have you forgiven Goodwin?
Have you found it in your heart
to forgive him for what
he did to your village?
Are you kidding?
I'm as angry as I was
that day at the tournament.
Maybe even more so.
Greiger, are you okay?
Yusei, I'm fine,
but it's not over.
I told you about
my village, Yusei.
I told you about the
fire and the destruction,
but I've learned the truth.
Goodwin isn't going to
help me rebuild my village
like he promised!
How could he when it
isn't even there anymore?
Look!
That was my village!
I hacked into
Goodwin's computer.
It wasn't a natural disaster.
Goodwin came along and
decided to use our valley
as a little testing ground.
He tried to resurrect his
precious Crimson Dragon,
but he couldn't
control the energy.
It was too powerful.
♪
The village is gone.
Everyone who lived there--
my friends, my family all gone.
Vanished--nowhere to be found.
I will never forgive
Goodwin for what he did!
Which is why you must
become a Dark Signer.
Embrace your anger,
you're going to need it.
♪
(yelling)
Your life as you know
it is over, Greiger.
The shadows of the Netherworld
will consume the
man you once were,
sparing only your
thirst for revenge.
You will lose yourself
and become your anger!
This will give you the
power to defeat Goodwin
and his precious Crimson Dragon.
Now, the path of
vengeance begins
with the one who first
stood in your way.
The one who stopped you
from destroying Goodwin
when you had the chance.
For your brother and sister,
for your entire village
taken from you by
the Crimson Dragon,
you must finish
what you started,
and you must start
with Yusei Fudo!
Greiger, I give you new
life as a Dark Signer!
♪
(laughing)
Yusei, vengeance
is coming for you.
♪
(groaning)
How did I end up here?
It's been a pleasure,
but I wouldn't hold my
breath for that rematch.
What's your hurry?
What do you say?
Get back down here and duel me!
Huh?
Uh-oh.
Wait for me!
♪
Come on, just a little faster!
I can't catch a break!
First it was clowns,
now it's clouds!
(grunting)
♪
Hey, does anybody
wanna challenge me?
Let's go grab some grub.
(cheering)
♪
Everyone's gone!
Oh, no!
I better check on my nest!
I hope my friends are okay.
Come on, faster!
If they're all missing as well,
I don't know what I'll do.
♪
Anybody in here?
Talk to me!
Come on, you guys.
It's me, Crow!
Stop messing
around and come out.
No more hide and seek.
Crow?
-Is it really you?
-We're all over here, Crow!
Hey!
Did you say "Crow"?
You're back!
There you are!
Man, I was--huh?
♪
(gasping)
They've all disappeared!
They're gone!
Nooooo!
♪
Huh?
The Dark Signers are
gonna pay for this!
♪
Check it out.
Get out of my way!
Sorry, pal, but you're
not going anywhere.
Hey, wait, I know who you are.
You're Greiger.
Hang on--you're a Dark Signer?
What do you want?
I'm looking for Yusei.
Yeah, well you found Crow,
and you're not going anywhere
until we turbo duel.
You're challenging me?
Get real, you're not a Signer.
Listen, Greiger.
The only thing that matters
is that you're a Dark Signer,
and that means you're
gonna pay for what you did.
And the only currency I
accept is bitter defeat.
What are you talking about?
I didn't do anything.
Don't try to play dumb with me.
You're a giant monster,
and your freaky dark fog
have taken everyone
from Satellite
including the orphans
I was taking care of.
(groaning)
They were just
innocent kids, man,
they didn't do anything to you,
but I guess that's
how you guys operate.
Well, not anymore, pal,
I'm gonna stop you.
You speak to me of vengeance.
I am on my own path to revenge,
and it does not involve you.
My fight is with Goodwin,
but before I deal with him,
I'm going to deal with
that little puppet of his,
Yusei Fudo.
Well, I'm afraid I've got
some bad news for you, chump.
If you wanna get to Yusei,
you're gonna have
to go through me.
You don't get it.
You're not a Signer--
you aren't worthy
of a battle with me.
You know, I had a
feeling you jerks
wouldn't accept my challenge,
so I got a little insurance.
It's an electromagnetic
pulse charge.
When it goes off, that duel
runner of yours is history.
And if you think you
can get away in time,
you haven't seen me ride.
Heh!
That's a bold move.
Since you're so determined
to destroy yourself,
I guess I'll oblige you.
Perhaps by dueling you,
I can lure Yusei
right into my hands.
This is a real
shadow duel, Crow.
Once we start,
there's no going back.
And when the final
card has been played,
only one of us is walking away.
♪
Well, you Dark Signers
took everything I had.
I'm already at a
point of no return.
Very well.
Oh, and one little thing.
Let's do this for real.
No autopilot, no restrictions.
Huh?
I've gotta protect myself.
If he manages to summon one
of those Earthbound Immortals,
I need to be able to
out-maneuver his attack
so I don't end up eating
dirt like Yusei did.
You ready?
I'll let my Speed World
Field Spell answer that for me.
Duel mode engaged,
autopilot deactivated.
♪
(gasping)
Is that a whale?
I don't remember Mina
mentioning any Dark Signers
with a whale mark.
That's 'cause there isn't one.
Unless they managed to turn
someone new into a Dark Signer.
Something isn't right here.
My mark isn't glowing.
That must mean that
whoever's battling
isn't a Signer, right?
Let's go find out.
♪
Since we're free-stylin'
this turbo duel,
the duelist who gets to
the first corner first
decides who makes
the first move.
You ready?
I was born ready.
How should we count down?
Here you go, pal.
Don't worry, that's just my
alarm clock from my bedroom.
How 'bout we take off
when that counter
gets down to zero?
You had be going there.
And I'll have you going second
once I get to the
first turn first.
You're going down.
(beeping)
Let's duel!
♪
His runner has a lot
more horsepower than mine,
but I gotta remember that
it's not how fast you drive,
but how skillfully you arrive.
♪
What're you doing?
Do you seriously
think you can beat me
around that first corner?
Let me show you what
real speed looks like.
♪
You call that fast?
I've got you beat, Crow!
Think again!
♪
Whoo-hoo!
You wanted me to take the curve
as fast as I could, didn't you?
Of course, I did.
With a big frame like that
taking a curve at that speed,
I knew you'd slide
out to the edge
and leave an opening for me.
My runner's smaller, which
lets me zig when you zag.
Looks like I get the
first move, Greiger.
I draw!
And from my hand, I summon
Blackwing Shura the Blue Flame!
Next, I place one card
face down, and end my turn!
It's my move!
First, I'm summoning Trap
Reactor Y Fi from my hand.
Next, I activate Diving
Exploder's special ability!
When Diving Exploder is sent to
your graveyard from your hand,
the attack and defense points
of each monster on the field
are switched.
♪
So, it looks like
that bird of yours
is about to be grounded, Crow.
I guess going first isn't all
that it's cracked
up to be, is it?
(laughing)
So wait.
Are you telling me that
going first got me nothing?
I warned you, Crow!
You can't possibly
defeat a Dark Signer.
Go, Diving Exploder!
(yelling)
♪
And now, Trap
Reactor Y Fi, attack!
Treat Crow to a round
of Double R Cannon!
(growling)
♪
Off to a wobbly start!
(groaning)
-Hey!
-Did you say "Crow"?
You're back!
Man, I was--
♪
If I lose here, I'll
let everyone down!
Come on...
Come on!
(yelling)
Faster, guys!
♪
Whoever's dueling
that Dark Signer
has no idea the amount of
danger they're getting into,
'cause if they come deck-to-deck
with an Earthbound Immortal,
this might be their
last duel ever.